Author: Nada Ali

Valeo Automation Testing Task:

Project folder name "firstproj": has both Google( Selenium, Cucumber)
and RestAssured Project.

================================================================================================
How to Run the Google project: Go to
src/test/java/\>\>cucmberOptions\>\> GoogleTestRunner.java\>\>Run as
TestNg

How to Run the RestAssured project;

Go to src/test/java/\>\>cucmberOptions\>\>
RestAssuredTestRunner.java\>\> Run as TestNg

===============================================================================
Project Description: pom.xml: where I keep all the dependecies used for
Google and RestAssured project.

Google project:

src/main/java:

PageBase.java: all the methods needed for actions in the Pages are in
this class TestBase.java: all the method needed for Testing are in this
Class

io:

JsonParser.java: this is a class that contains helper function to paser
a json file in the project

Pages: Homepage.java: this is google home page and all the methods and
elements needed to be used in the project SearchPage.java: this is the
google Search page where all links are displayed and methods and
elements used in the project

utils:

BrowserFactory.java: This is used for the WebDriverManager so we can use
different browsers without adding the browser.exe file Constants.java:
this is the class used to intialize all the constants used all over the
project JSWaiter.java: This class used in PageBase.java to implement the
waiting

Src/test/java: GoogleTestRunner.java: this is for running the feature
file using CucumberRunner

features: GooglePage.feature: this is the feature file for gherkins to
describe the behavior in BDD format

stepDefinitions: GoogleStepDefinitions: this is the step definition file
generated from GooglePage.feature to include all the implementation of
the Gherkins steps Hooks.java: this is the class for opening browser and
close browser to run automatically before the defined steps from the
feature file

src/test/resources: Capabilities: Chrome.json: this is for chromeOptions
used in the BrowserFactory.java Edge.json: this is for edgeOptions used
in the BrowserFactory.java

config:

config.properties: this is where I change the link used in the project
and also change the browser type to run in "chrome" and "edge"
extent.properties: this is the file for generating the report details
log4j.properties: this is the file to implement the logs in the project

Logs: this is the folder where the logs that is automatically generated
is kept

Reports:

this is the folder where the automatically generated Report is kept

========================================================================================================

RestAssuredProject: RestClient.java: this is a helper class where I keep
all the http methods for post, get,etc.. used in the project

CucmberOptions: RestAssuredTestRunner.java: this is the Runner file to
run the feature file glued by the StepDefinitions

features:

RestAssured.feature:

This is the feature file written in BDD format to define the behavior of
the project

RestAssured Testing:

RestAssuredStepDefinitions.java: this is the class where I keep the step
Definitions generated by the feature file.

RestAssuredTesting.endpoints

PostEndPoint.java: tis is the class where I keep all the functions
related to the "/posts" endpoints in the uri

UserEndPoint.java: this is the class where I keep all functions related
to the "/users" endpoints in the uri

RestAssuredTesting.paylaod:

This is where I use POJO to read the response properly

User.Java: includes Address.java, Company.java, and Geo.java as it's
returned in the response of the get "users"

Post.java: is returned in the response of the get "posts"
